There are of course many attribute directives and throughout this course you will see different ones
too we already learned about our energy class and style.
Now just to quickly refresh how they work.
Let's add a class to our osiers file here.
That's maybe name it ought.
And here I simply want to set the color to read.
Now in my template I want to assign this class if it is odd.
So here of course I could always assign a class since we already make sure that this list item list
is only displayed if only all is checked.
Still we could also use energy class here like this and make sure that we assign the OT seeis as class
therefore we define it here as a property name only if the number we currently look at divided by two
with the modulus sine equals something else than 0.
So not equal to zero.
That means we have a remainder for this division which means it's odd.
Now we can copy this to the even list.
And again I know that this will never be odd here because we already make sure that this is only rendered
if we are not displaying odd items.
We don't have any odd items in the even numbers array.
So just to show how this works.
Of course we have to check even here.
Now you see even numbers are Bleck odd numbers are red.
Again not super surprising but just a brief refresher on how Engy class worked and important dimension
before the square brackets here indicate that we are binding to some property on our energy class directive
now and the style was d our famous director.
We had a look at thus far.
And style allows us to also pass an object to some property which is also named Engy style on the same
directive.
And here we could simply set the background color and we could set it to read like this.
Now it would always be red but of course we can also say that dynamic value here so we could simply
repeat our check from up here.
If it's an odd number in which case I want to gift is that say background color of yellow.
Otherwise it's transparent.
Now I'll quickly copy this over to our other list here of course.
I'd check if even is basically even and guess what I think it will be.
And now the number is still no styling at all.
And the odd numbers are really ugly now to be honest.
But that means our directors here are working.
Now let's pull their own ones because that is something we can do too.
Let's start with our own attributes are active